Day 1 - 2024-09-05

We created our repo (repositry) on GitHub, and created a working space on Trello
I have learned to commit on GitHub, which means adding a file or change of your own to a larger repo. I created a list of things to have on a burger, which I then committed.
We have also learnt to use merge, where two or more people make changes in the same file at the same time, and these changes then merge.
It took some time for us to get everything started (GitHub, Trello) but it works now.

Next time we will start designing and decide how to go about doing the project.

Day 2 - 2024-10-03

I watched youtube and learned how to use fetch in javascript, and also how to create a very basic website and display data dynamically in javascript.
I have also familiarised myself with docker and containers. 
I followed a tutorial on youtube on how to use fetch and API in javascript. I don't fully understand the code yet but I am sure I will understand it eventually.
I have very little experience in websites and databases so there are a lot of new terms, commands and functions I have used today, some easier to understand than others.
I plan on reading through the code before next session and familiarising myself with everything.
We had some errors committing my changes since we had forgotten to make me a branch, which created a merge error, but we fixed it easily.

Day 3 - 2024-10-10

I have watched youtube tutorials to learn how css and html elements work. I will read more guides to learn it better until next time.

Day 4 - 2024-10-17

We noticed that we had gone about our project differently than was described in the instruction, after brainstorming and testing different solutions, we managed to make the project work according to the instruction.

Day 4, part 2 - 2024-10-17
Debugging session: I chose to test the fucntion displayOrders. Because the fuction I am testing is on line 28, I put my breakpoint on line 29.
The file I am testing in can be found under Sources in the debug-menu in the developer options. I used continue, step over, step into and step out in different orders to see what difference they make.
Continue executees the program and breaks on the defined breakpoints. 
Step over executes the program statement by statement within the current scope. 
Step into works the same way as step over, unless the statement is a function call, in which case it will execute that. 
Step out runs until the function returns, but only if it is in a nested loop, otherwise it will execute the program to the end.
Variables can be monitored by opening the "Omfattning"-menu (my firefox is in swedish). The variable I chose didn't change at all during my testing.
I am still a beginner at debugging and don't understand all the different menus and buttons yet, but I did learn a lot during my debugging-session.
I think debugging will be very useful for me if I do end up pursuing a career in software development.
